[Music]
19 astonishing facts that seem fake at
first glance being a scientist is fun
you conduct new experiments every day
some of them are totally crazy count all
the ants on earth ask a dolphin to speak
on the phone or watch butterflies in an
earthquake all of these experiments can
prove incredible facts and we chose
those we consider the most amazing and
unbelievable number 19 pinky-promise
means if I break the vow I'll cut off my
finger the gesture originally comes from
Japan when making a promise children
leak their little fingers and say a
certain vow
different in every culture in fact
during the Edo period in 1603 to 1868
bandit clans had a ritual of cutting off
their right little fingers to prove
their loyalty it was only much later
that kids turned this scary tradition
into a funny game number 18 Jupiter and
Saturn have diamond rings these two gas
giants have real skies of diamonds
scientists say the pressure inside the
giant planets can easily turn carbon
into diamonds first lightning transforms
methane and to carbon which hardens as
it falls turning into chunks of graphite
after 995 miles or 1600 kilometers and
then into diamonds after an additional
3,700 30 miles or six thousand
kilometres
number 17 there are more than 1.6
million ants per person on earth murmur
colleges worldwide made an estimate that
one to ten quadrillion ants are living
on earth now that means there are more
than 1 million of these insects for each
human and their total mass is about the
same as that of humanity number 16 there
are more artificial flamingos in the
world than there are live ones the
Flamingo is a rare bird but it's so
beautiful that many people would like to
see it in their backyard that's why
there are several times more plastic
flamingos worldwide than there are live
ones the latter are counted at two to
three million while the number of their
plastic counterparts reaches almost a
billion can you believe it number 15 the
strawberry is not a berry as a matter of
fact the berry of the strawberry isn't
at all its fruit it's just an overgrown
receptacle that carries the pure fruit
on it that's right the green and white
seeds you'll probably need some time to
get used to this fad right
number fourteen bananas though our
berries the world has done a barrel roll
now the banana plant is in fact giant
grass and bananas are its berries
according to the definition a berry is a
soft and juicy fruit containing several
seeds
well bananas are just that number
thirteen there is a hollow 100-foot worm
living in the ocean it's called a pyro
zone also this creature is known as a
sea unicorn they're so rare that they've
only been seen a few times my resume
looks like a giant transparent and
hollow worm but in fact consists of
thousands of organisms that glow in the
dark and replicate themselves they are
believed to be able to grow to the size
of a blue whale number 12
Mithra Dottie's the sixth was immune to
poisons Mithra Dottie's the sixth of
Pontus had been taking small doses of
various poisons his childhood to work up
an immunity to them during the riot the
Romans wanted to take him hostage and
mithra daddy's tried to poison himself
but couldn't because of his training all
of the irony number eleven if we lived
in darkness we would be able to stay up
for 36 hours
and we would need 12 hours to get rested
French speleologists Michel cifra
carried out several experiments on the
matter including one from 1964 to 1972
he placed himself in a specially
equipped bunker with no light constant
temperature and humidity and absolute
silence he spent several months like
this the results showed that his inner
clock altered he needed 36 hours awake
and 12 hours of sleep later he conducted
similar experiments with other
volunteers in a cave
with the same result number 10 our foot
is as long as our forearm moreover our
thumb is as long as our nose and our
lips are as long as our index fingers
you've just checked at all
haven't you these are standard and
appropriate proportions of the human
body used by artists to paint people
they were identified by Leonardo da
Vinci in his famous Vitruvian Man number
9 Neil Armstrong spacesuit was made at a
bra Factory few know that the spacesuit
of the first man on the moon was made at
a factory which produced bras and
lingerie
in Dover Delaware well we just hope Neil
felt comfortable in it number 8 gadget
was one of the first three atomic bombs
three atomic bombs were made as part of
the Manhattan Project in 1943 the
plutonium based gadget exploded during
the first nuclear test the uranium based
little boy dropped on Hiroshima on
August 6 1945 and the plutonium based
fat man dropped on Nagasaki on August 9
in 1945
[Music]
number seven and Hodges is the only
person to survive a meteorite strike
American and Elizabeth Hodges was the
first-ever woman on earth to survive an
impact of an extraterrestrial object on
November 30th 1954 near Sylacauga a
grapefruit-sized meteorite fragment
crashed through the roof of her house
ricocheted off a radio and hit her while
she was sleeping on a couch soon and
became quite a celebrity number 6 koalas
have a unique fingerprint pattern
professor mati Henneberg from Adelaide
University proved there are no
differences between the fingerprints of
koalas and humans even a microscope
scanner can't find them so it turns out
koalas are the only animal apart from
humans that have unique fingerprint
patterns number 5 the surface area of
Russia is bigger than that of Pluto
Russia's surface area is 70 million 98
thousand and 246 square kilometers and
Pluto's surface area is 16 million six
hundred and fifty thousand square
kilometers
Pluto guys honestly I can't stop
thinking about this fact it just makes
me feel thrilled number four if a monkey
recognizes itself in the mirror the
first thing it does is check its crotch
shanghai-based neurobiologists conducted
an experiment where they seeded dozens
of primates before a mirror and watch
their reactions to their double nothing
happened for a time but when the monkeys
realized what they were looking at the
first thing they did was check their
crotch actually every monkey did it
[Music]
number three dolphins can talk on the
phone or over that can recognize the one
they're talking to every dolphin has its
signal name that appears in adolescence
and has kept their whole life it's known
that dolphins can tell their relative
signals from all the rest they're able
to recognize each other with the help of
short tone perception people also
recognize their opponents on the phone
by voice
so if dolphins could talk on the phone
they would know each other number two
Oxford University is older than the
Aztec empire the first students came to
Oxford in 1096 while the Aztec
city-state of Tenochtitlan was founded
in 1325 that means the university is 200
years older number one you can survive a
shark attack by staying still swimming
away won't help in this situation
the correct behavior will be to move
away from the Sharks path slowly and
stay calm keep an eye on the shark when
it has passed by you try to find a way
out of the water however if you can and
have to defend yourself hit it on its
gills eyes or the tip of its nose so do
you know any intriguing facts that seem
unbelievable share them in the comments
below don't forget to hit the like
button and click subscribe to stay on
the bright side of life
[Music]